201506
=======

150630
-----------
- Bruno sent the IUE analyzes: ok for blocks 1 and 2; block 3 (with huge disk) with uniform determinations.
- Chapter 3 ok. Chapter 4 almost there.

150629
---------
- *DELIVER CHAPTER 5 and earlier corrections* Failed
- UFU Inscription. CANCELLED
- Parking Isabelle contact = got it!
- IUE data + Bruno

150627-28
------------
- No work. Stavros.
- Parking Isabelle contact. No answer.

150626
---------
- *DELIVER CHAPTERS 3 and 4* Failed
- (Thesis. No detailed info)
- Car Controls (parking+alarm)

150622-25
----------
- (Thesis. No detailed info)

150621
----------
- Answer to Catalina.
- (Thesis. No detailed info)

150620
----------
- No work.

150619
----------
- DELIVERED CHAPTER 1 
- Nelson CCSL talk.
- Took NB from repair.
- Helped Artur.

150618
----------
- Buy Primeiramao = Ok.
- Defense Committee 

150617
----------
- Notebook repair, R$ 270 schedule to Friday.
- BeAtlas = finished H+Br13+SED+Ha+Hb+UV+K+Brg !!
- Thesis topics work (Introduction, yet) !
- Fabricio's money and phone.

150616
----------
- BeAtlas = accidentally remove *.map* files!
    - Backup failed: more than 1.5 TB, only the preliminary *.map* files
- Chat Pedro.
- Thesis topics work (Introduction) !
- Notebook repair.

150615
---------
- Thesis topics work (Introduction).
- BeAtlas Photospheric UV done!
    - Missing SED+Ha+Hb+H+Br13+K+Brg for Xc!=0.3 = Submitted!
- Catalina e-mail.
- Projeto André+Teló.
- Publicação Primeira-mão = OK.
- BeAtlas backup = started

150614
---------
- Thesis topics work (small).
- M Borges EW fit.

150613
---------
- No work (@Sandro+Andréia)

150612
------------
- Payment and post-office inscription to UDESC.
- UDESC studies topics definition.
- Thesis topics work (small).
- Earlier exit to the Movies (Tata).

150611
------------
- Aeri's Comparison Interferometry (polar box, rotated polar, multiple models).
- Alex meeting.

150610
----------
- E-mail Armando.
    - Banca/rapporteur; Sufixo; Férias até 25/julho.
- Deadlines definitions.
- Thesis skeleton.
- Group meeting.
- Aeri's Comparison Interferometry (1 model = ok).

150609
--------
- BeAtlas Photospheric UV (+all till now) done!
- Fullsed delivered to Bruno.
- Problem: missing other Xc rather than 0.3.
- QU plot for short term variations.
- UDESC tendering.
- P1 High school course.
- Alpha + t0 fitting. Done!
- Organized Aeri.
- Write Armando.
    - Signature ready, name @USP, AMBER, work on data, draft, tender.
- Ordered VGA card.

150608
--------
- Check BeAtlas UV photospheric models.
- Aeri's Dyn. specs FEROS = complete.
- Check of bgq access procedure with Kadowaki.
- (Try to) Fix desktop computer.
- Mohammad's help with cluster submission.

150606-07
----------
No work.

150605
---------
- Submitted all BeAtlas models + UV, Brg and K.
- QU plots
- Aeri's Dyn. specs FEROS = start

150604
----------
- Working in the Holiday: until 16h00 to reinstall it.
- Submitted Photospheric models + UV, Brg and K.

150603
--------
- Meeting with Alex, Kelly and Elaine.
- Finishing MultiEvo Plot.
- Group meeting: Preparing recent results and presentation
- PC CRASHed!! Reinstalled Rimulo's one...

150602
--------
- Pol. color issue (now with error bars).
- Pol.V with error bars.
- Merge poltools.py from Bednarski.
- Mais M Borges.
- Specs. cut+paste.
- Short discussion with Bruno about E(B-V) minimization.

150601
--------
- End of BeAtlas SED+Ha+Hb first run. Re-submitted next run.
- [Astro15 comments about EP2 and exam EP3]
- Review of Tiago's code (M. Borges).
- Talks @ GAi (Upload Julio e Reinaldo, +Walter)
- Comentários ata Beacon Website 29/05
- Aeri: EC, VR e Pk.separation all now with gaussian fit.

